Let go, you let me go!
What’s going on?
Miss
We’ve caught two thieves
On what grounds do you call me a thief?
I’m the biological mother
Of your Young Master Qín!
You dare treat me like this?
I’ll tell my son
To skin you alive!
Exactly
How shameless can you be
To dare claim you’re
The biological parents of Young Master Qín?
I think you two
Are tired of living
What do you mean by that?
Don’t think Fù Jiā Háo
Got a fake
Blood relation certificate
And can fool
Us with it
Look closely
This is the
Real blood relation certificate
You two
Are not
Qín Fēng’s biological parents at all
Impossible
This is fake
You must have tampered with it
Don’t think I don’t know
You’re just a mistress
My son keeps on the side
Trying
To steal my son’s wealth
Preventing our mother-son reunion
Doing everything to drive us away
Let me tell you
I’ll have my son kick you out